I'll venomous cold
player drawn to the Santa
catching crocodilians
when it comes upon the next
Cobra discovers
I'm another predator is already
on the scene I'm
monitor lizard the loser
isn't going to give in each
without a fight pay a finders
keepers
buddy even if you are venomous
the lizard in the Cobra
size each other up then they try
to intimidate
each other by increasing sides
if biggest fan
each wants to say I'm the
biggest and up
bats
Cobra poised to strike
and with that not monitor
retreats might not be partaking
op party shocked
tak
now cobra has the a dinner also
would sell
only nice shall sir empty
not monitor lizard has the last
laugh
the battle was over even before
it began